Request to fix broken link (#2536)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/security-compliance-overview.md

Teams is Tier D-compliant. This includes the following standards: ISO 27001, ISO 27018, SSAE16 SOC 1 and SOC 2, HIPAA, and EU Model Clauses (EUMC). Within the Microsoft compliance framework, Microsoft classifies Office 365 applications and services into four categories. Each category is defined by specific compliance commitments that must be met for an Office 365 service, or a related Microsoft service, to be listed in that category.

> Services in compliance categories C and D that have industry-leading compliance commitments are enabled by default. Services in categories A and B come with controls to turn on or turn off these services for an entire organization. Details can be found in the [Compliance Framework for Industry Standards and Regulations](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=855777 invalid link redirecting to non existing page.). Teams also supports Cloud Security Alliance compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services in compliance categories C and D that have industry-leading compliance commitments are enabled by default. Services in categories A and B come with controls to turn on or turn off these services for an entire organization. Details can be found in the [Compliance Framework for Industry Standards and Regulations](https://download.microsoft.com/download/B/2/7/B27B3EF3-8849-4C18-8BA4-5AD755728620/Compliance%20Framework_customer%20guidance.pdf). Teams also supports Cloud Security Alliance compliance.
```
